To use the Makita in our unit tests, we will need to add it to our project.
And in this lesson, I'll show you a where to find my keep that your files as well as my even greater
dependency on it.
So to find my kids dependencies, I will open a new browser window and I will go to maven repository
dot com.
And here I will search for my Kita.
There is one dependency that i want to end at this moment and it is called my kitty g unit.
Jupyter So using this search bar and the tool I will search for my key to G-Unit, Jupiter and the very
first item in the search result is what I'm looking for Mikita and G-Unit to be there.
So I will connect.
I will click on the latest version.
And if your project is a regular channel project that does not use me or Gradle, then you can download
my key to your files by clicking on this link.
Here it says Jar next to files and this will download my Keep a Jar file which you can then add as a
library to your project.
If your project is gradle based, then a little bit below here we have a panel and the second top from
the left is Gradle.
So you will create this gradle dependency and will add it to a built to gradle file in your gradle based
project.
The project that I will use for this demonstration is E1 based, so I will click on the Maven top and
will copied the menu and dependency.
I will copy exemple code snippet and we'll go back to my project.
And for this demonstration I'm going to use this same user service project that we have created earlier.
So I will open its demo file and we'll paste my key the dependency into Add dependencies, section A
right and the top before tuning unit dependency like this.
And now because I have funded the new dependency, I will need to click on this button in the top right
corner to load maven changes or I can do right mouse click on the project for example, and then scroll
all the way down select maven and click on Reload Project and this will make Maven download my key libraries
and add them to my project.
All right, so we have added my kit to our project.
Let's continue.